A grim silence covered the room as the words left the Fencer’s mouth.

“Yes, I did it. I’m so sorry…”

“May I inquire why?”

The Diplomat seemed rattled, despite the calm and measured tone he always used.

“He… He told me who he was… What he was. I was just so scared… He turned around like he knew already that I was afraid. He was waiting for me to leave… I didn’t.

“I had taken a sword. One of my fencing swords, you know. He showed me the poison, he told me he knew, and he just turned his back on me and stared down at the bottle in his hand… He said it was the last one. I know now what he meant.

“I was scared. I just swung, didn’t think about it. Hit him right at the base of the skull. I… I wasn’t prepared myself. I just dropped the sword in shock. I guess it rolled in the spilled poison.

“I couldn’t carry around a bloody weapon, you know? I licked my thumb to clean it off, I guess I dropped it in the poison. I didn’t want to kill him… You know how afraid something like that makes you? Some twisted place like this… and he…”

“Cleanse yourself of fear, child. Have faith that his soul is at peace, and know he does not blame you.”

“He trusted me! He trusted me… He told me I was first. I met him first. I talked with him first. Out of all of you, he was the closest to me. It broke me. That bear’s... twisted... world has left me afraid.”

“It’s not you, sis, it’s that damn bear! We believe you… We trust you, sis.”

“Regardless of how much or little you ‘trust’ her”, Monokuma snarled, “This young woman is officially a murderer! You caught her, you win the trial! Now commencing: The punishment of the Ultimate Fencer!”

The Fencer was captured by several copies of Monokuma and dragged off into an arena. They decked her out in full competition gear and gave her a rapier to defend herself, then locked the gate.

Taller, more humanoid robots poured out of every side of the arena, also appearing to be in fencing gear and holding rapiers. The Hunter whistled, impressed at the tech, and spoke.

“Well, this doesn’t look too bad, I guess… Just extra training or something?”

The Diplomat, however, suddenly let out a sharp breath.

“I’m afraid those swords are real.”

Everyone watched in stunned silence. Every time the Fencer’s sword touched an opponent, it dropped its sword and wheeled to the sidelines to power down. However, she would take scratches from the robots at times, and it was very clear that she was bleeding profusely. And still, more mechanized fencers kept coming.

Eventually, exhausted from all the fighting, the Fencer lowered her sword. The robots swarmed her, the first one catching her from behind and impaling her, right through the abdomen. Each one, even the formerly tagged bots, joined in and speared her body over and over until the corpse was unrecognizable. Then, one lone bot dragged her off the field, while the rest returned to wherever they had come from.

The students, stunned beyond belief, couldn’t avert their eyes.

“Well, that’s that! Time to get back to the school grounds!”

They were all too stunned to even begin to resist Monokuma’s gleeful comment. They all turned and trudged back toward the school, in complete and utter shock.

“They killed her…”

“Oh my God… Please save her soul. Save us all.”

“What a nightmare this is… I must be waking up soon.”

“I’m… I’m scared.”

The students sat down together in the dining hall, with Monokuma at the head of the table. It all felt surprisingly calm and normal.

“So, students, you’ve had a long day. Go get some rest. But before you do… One thing was only a half truth at that trial. I’m an honest bear, I’m not afraid to say I didn’t tell it to you straight. My motive was that one of you knew you were not who you claimed to be, true? Well, it’s true, he did know his real role. However.

“It wasn’t just him who had a darkshift. It’s all of you! A-hahahahahahaha! One lucky visitor will get a notice of who they really are tonight! Sweet dreams!”

Everyone was still too tired to react. They all wandered back to their rooms, where each one fell into a deep sleep in minutes.

That night, Monokuma walked to the end of the hall. He knocked on the door there, and when the tired tenant saw who was waiting for him he let out a small shriek.

“Hunter, buddy, nice to see ya! You’re the lucky person for the night! It’s time for you to embrace your real role… as the Ultimate Sniper! A-HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

To be continued… If I can be paid for it.
