The Detective went back to her room, optimistic. This place could be as twisted and dark as it wanted, but everyone was getting along and helping each other. She fell on her bed and quickly went into a deep sleep.

The following morning, the students gathered in the dining hall, with the exceptions of the Pharmacologist and the Sculptor. They shared breakfast, chatting idly about their abilities and histories. No one really worried about the missing students, as they were both somewhat reclusive and could easily be absorbed in their own work. 

That changed, however, after the meal. The group split up, each going to explore a section of the school. The Detective took the classroom, and walked a distance with the Hunter and Fencer, who had the trash room and the bathrooms, respectively (It was decided that the Fencer was the most acceptable group member to travel across both bathrooms). On reaching the classroom, the Detective bid the other two farewell and opened the door to the classroom.

She instantly called the other two back, having not even taken one step into the room.

All three of them peered into the room, and the two newcomers let out cries of fear and surprise. Lying there, in the center of the room, was the Ultimate Pharmacologist, facedown, his head resting in a pool of his own blood. His neck was at an unnatural angle, and his chest and arms were covered in some sort of powder.

An announcement bell rang out throughout the school, overly cheery for the message.

“A body has been discovered! All students please report to the classroom!”

The remaining students came running. All of them let out shocked yells when they saw him, and they all invariably looked to the Detective for guidance. Monokuma joined in on the staredown, having once again come from nowhere.

“Well, Detective,” he squeaked, “I suppose it’s time to head the investigation, isn’t it?”

The Detective snapped out of her fear as raw professionalism took over.

“Yeah, it is. All of you, back to the same rooms you were going to search, but this time for clues regarding his death. I’ll check up on you when I’m done here. We’re going to find this killer.”
