The Ultimate Detective awakens inside a small, enclosed space, where her arms are pressed against her sides and the air is uncomfortably hot and there is only darkness.

She struggles, panicking, against these unknown restraints, and in the process slams a door open to her left, letting light into the space. She stumbles out the door and into a new room, much larger than the previous one.

The first thing she notices is the shelves, stacked from floor to ceiling on both sides of the room. They are full of folders and binders, profiles and case summaries for potentially millions of criminal trials. It’s a wonderful sight to behold, but also disturbing.

What’s even stranger is the bed. Just a normal bed. Queen mattress, dark grey sheets, two lighter grey pillows. In fact, the room looks increasingly more like a bedroom with every new piece of info that the Detective uncovers. There’s a bathroom in the back, complete with a shower, and she appears to have burst her way out of the closet, judging by the gently swinging uniforms, each identical to her own.

The Detective started rifling through the desk by her bed (as she assumed the room was in fact meant for her, the evidence supported that). In it, she found a key, which she immediately pocketed, but nothing else. She wondered why there was no crime scene tools, such as fingerprint lifters or any form of scanner. Even a flashlight would be nice.

She inspected every corner thoroughly, but found nothing more of note. The only solution, then, was to leave this room and investigate what lay beyond this one room. She made sure she had the key to the door and threw it open, on alert for guards or cameras.

Instead, the scrawny kid in cargo pants and a beanie fell over away from the door in a panic. He loaded the slingshot he was clutching and aimed at her, having fantastic posture and steady breath even while losing his balance, but he seemed to realize she was not a threat and stopped his aim short.

This did not, however, prevent him from falling, and he ended up sprawled on his back. The Detective moved swiftly, taking the weapon from him and backing a few steps away.

“Who are you and why are you here?” She demanded.

The kid sat up, seeming surprised.

“I figured you’d know that… Well, the second question. I don’t know how I got where I am.”

The Detective, unsatisfied but believing it to be the truth, repeated her first question.

“Well, I’m the Ultimate Hunter. That’s all I know, I promise. Now would you let me get up?”

The Detective hadn’t even realized she’d been aiming the slingshot back at the boy. She lowered her aim and her guard, ever so slightly, and he stood up to pat himself off.

“You got good instincts, by the way. You kept your aim trained where my head would be if I tried to burst upwards. Most people would have just aimed at me.”

The Detective nodded, surprised for only a moment that he had noticed such fine details, and thanked him. As she turned to leave, he called out to her:

“Hey, I don’t even know who you are yet! You made enough of a fool of me, I think I deserve to know!”

“I’m the Ultimate Detective. Get back to your room, I’ll be back to inform you of the situation in this place as soon as I’m able.”

The Hunter, however, didn’t back off. In fact he walked up right next to her and held up his hand for a high five.

“Not happening. What happens when the guards come around and blow your head off? I’m useful in a firefight, both with this or with a gun.”

The reply was curt:

“You’re loud. I won’t be spotted; you will.”

“Fine, sis, jeez. I’ll leave ya be. But from what I can tell, the majority of the building is behind me. My room was at a dead end.”

He walked towards the Detective, then passed her by, heading back towards what was apparently his room. Once he had gone some distance, the Detective kept moving forward. Rooms lined both walls, each one identical to her own excepting a nameplate. One read ‘Diplomat’, another ‘Sculptor’, and the ones at the end were ‘Fencer’ and . . . 

‘Hunter’.

“I’m gonna kill that kid.”

Sure enough, there was a dead end in the hallway immediately after those rooms. There was a door there, but it read “Priestess”, and was apparently another dorm.

The Detective immediately spun on her heels and started off the other direction. Once she had passed by her own room, as well as the room labeled “Pharmacologist” across from hers, she came out into a more open hallway. On either side of the dorm wing were bathrooms, men’s room to her right and women’s to her left.

Beyond that, across the hall was a room labeled “Classroom”, but a quick test confirmed that it was locked. Arbitrarily, she started heading left in hopes of finding more information. She snuck down the hall, still watching for other people or cameras. Another door. “Dining Hall”. Also locked.

She stopped, however, at the sudden tones of voices. She looked toward the door at the end of this wing, and saw the Hunter sneaking through an open door, heading towards the voices. Sensing that this would be important to watch, the Detective followed shortly behind him, keeping to the shadows, and peered into the room.

Inside were two other people, talking with relative ease, considering the situation. The first was a woman dressed in a habit of sorts, though it was much tighter than it should be and didn’t even reach down to her knees. The other was a man in a simple suit with a blue necktie, looking clean, orderly, and somehow powerful. The woman spoke, with no hint of stress in her voice:

“Peace, sir, I didn’t come here for conflict. I merely seek the truth.”

The response came, even smoother and more level than the original statement.

“I agree. It seems we lack information. So, how about we share with each other what we know?”

“And why exactly should I do that, without knowing your intentions?”

The man clicked his tongue.

“Well spoken. I am the Ultimate Diplomat. You have nothing to fear from me.”

“That puts me at ease. Well spoken yourself, sir. I am the Ultimate Priestess.”

The man muttered under his breath, saying something the Detective couldn’t hear, and apparently the Priestess hadn’t noticed either. The one who did hear, however, was the Hunter, lurking in the shadows, and he now stepped out and yelled:

“Don’t trust this guy, Sis!”

Both of the others leaped backwards in surprise, though they recovered quickly. The Diplomat whirled and spoke efficiently:

“And why should I not be worthy of your trust?”

“I heard what you said, you creep! You muttered ‘It seems the Church has relaxed its stance on clothing for the faithful’. You can’t hide from me!”

The Hunter beamed, proud he had helped uncover the liar.

“And what about that is so damning?”

The smile faded into confusion.

“Ahh… You know, the, uh, connotation, I guess…”

“We lack information in here. I have no idea how long I’ve been here. This might hint that times have changed significantly since we arrived. I see no problem with that observation.”

The Detective decided at this point that these people would not attack on sight, so she too stepped out and spoke.

“That’s true. However, how can you say she has not been here just as long or longer than ourselves?”

The Hunter and Priestess reeled in surprise again, but this time the Diplomat was unmoved.

“I am no investigator. I merely take what I can see into consideration when I make any deals.”

The priestess, very confused, blurted out:

“Who are you, sister?”

“I’m the Ultimate Detective. I see you’ve already met the Hunter as well.”

“Ah, excellent. So tell us, what do you know of this place?”

“Not much, unfortunately. We all have our own rooms, so we’re missing a Pharmacologist, a Sculptor, and a Fencer.”

As if on cue, the door was thrown open and three people cautiously entered the room. The woman in the middle raised what appeared to be a fencing foil or rapier, while the one on the right had a few round objects prepared to throw. The man on the left, however, held no weapon, and stared around searching for something the Detective couldn’t identify. He seemed to be scanning all four of them.

Once he had done so, he stood up straighter and relaxed, just slightly. He spoke, softly:
“No one has any injuries. It looks like they weren’t fighting among themselves.”

The foil was lowered, and the projectiles were moved to a satchel on the woman’s right hip. The one in the middle spoke curtly.

“Who are you?”

It was the Diplomat who responded first. As he certainly seemed qualified to do it, the Detective let him speak.

“We are just as lost and confused as yourselves. We should get to know each other’s goals and intentions before coming to blows.”

“That seems fair to me, but quit beating around the bush. Who are you?”

“I am the Ultimate Diplomat. These are my companions, the Ultimate Hunter, the Ultimate Priestess, and the Ultimate Detective.”

The girl lowered her weapon.

“Well, then, you’ve introduced yourselves, so I will do the same. I am the Ultimate Fencer, the man to my right is the Ultimate Pharmacologist, and the woman to my left is the Ultimate Sculptor.”

The plush bear that had suddenly appeared spoke in a whimsical, carefree tone.

“Great, great, you’ve all met! Now that you’re all together, let’s pass out student handbooks!”

Everyone froze. There was no indication that anyone else was in the room, but where had this stuffed toy come from? Had it just spoken?

The bear itself was also peculiar. It stood about two feet tall, and walked on its hind legs. The left half of its body was the color of fresh snow, excepting its beady black eye and black-thread mouth. The right half, however, was far more menacing. This side of the creature was dark as pitch, and its eye was jagged and red. Its mouth, so innocent on the other side, was a row of teeth locked in a permanent grin, gleaming brightly against their dark background.

The Fencer raised her sword again. Everyone was clearly nervous, and even the Diplomat had a moment of hesitation before retaining his normal posture.

“Now, now, students, there’s no need to get hostile with me! I am Monokuma, and I am this school’s headmaster!”

Everyone looked around in bewilderment. A stuffed toy, headmaster of their school?

“Who-whoever put that toy there, get rid of it! You’ve proven you’re a good ventriloquist.”

The soft words of the Pharmacologist rang out louder than expected, as the moment had stunned everyone into silence. However, the bear became visibly enraged, and claws burst out of its right paw.

“I am no trick! I am a real, genuine bear! I am Monokuma, and I am your school’s headmaster! Get that through your head already!”

“You mentioned student handbooks?” The Detective figured the more this bear spoke, the better she’d understand what was happening.

“Yes, yes, I was just getting to that. Everyone gets a handbook! They’ve been custom-made, just for you!”

Faster than anyone could see, the bear disappeared and everyone found themselves holding a small device, some sort of tablet computer. On touching the power button, the Detective was faced with a startup screen with her name on it. Once the device loaded, it appeared to be a menu of sorts. She checked the map tab first, while everyone else browsed their own devices.

The Fencer spoke up, in a sharper, more urgent tone than before.

“Everyone read the rules section right now.”

Everyone, still off balance from recent events, meekly did as they were told. The rules, however, would not provide a sense of stability and grounding as most do, but unsettled them even further.

The first few were fairly normal, though odd. The first was that it was not allowed to intentionally damage student handbooks. The second disallowed violence against the headmaster. The third defined nighttime as 10 P.M. to 6 A.M. every day, and stated that the dining hall and garbage room would be locked during those hours.

The fourth rule was where things got weird. It read that, with minimal restrictions, students were allowed to roam the school freely in daytime.

“Odd that a school would let us do whatever we want all day.” The Sculptor remarked.

The rules kept going. All students are to live out the rest of their natural lives in this school, and are to never leave. 

“Should one student kill another, they will become the blackened and have a chance to graduate?”

The Pharmacologist’s voice was again impossible to ignore despite the softness. That line resounded in everyone’s minds, playing over and over again for minutes. Then, just as instantly, the whole group started shouting.

“Kill each other? What the hell?”

“I can’t believe this…”

“We’re gonna die of natural causes or get killed! NOOOOOO!”

“Isn’t that true of everyone…?”

The Detective, however, was unfazed and continued to flip through the rules to the last one.

“Hey guys, listen! If the blackened survives their class trial, they graduate and go free, and all other students are punished. If they don’t, they will be punished and class will continue as normal.”

The bear reappeared as if out of thin air, cackling.

“Absolutely right! This is the school’s killing game! Monitored and judged by me! And you lucky few are all participants!”

The Hunter spoke first, outpacing the Diplomat’s measured words.

“You’re asking us to kill each other? I won’t!”

“Indeed. Can we trust that food, water, shelter, and other necessities are always available to us here?”

“To answer the Diplomat, yes! You will never want for food or drink or rest. Your rooms lock, and no lockpicks exist! You have electricity, bathrooms, and showers! Your laundry will be done automatically while you are out of your room! You can enjoy your time here as you please!”

“However, Hunter, I think you will kill each other. I present to you *dun da da dah!* The first MOTIVE! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

Nothing happened for a few seconds.

“Oh yeah, this one’s spoken. I really dropped the ball on that one…”

The bear seemed legitimately saddened, but only for a moment.

“A-hem! This motive is designed to prompt killings! And it is… One of you is lying about your role!”

The Detective glanced around at the other students, and saw that everyone else was doing exactly the same.

“I choose to believe in my friends!”

This time the Pharmacologist had more steel in his voice. He was agitated, but he refused to back down.

“I don’t care if they’re lying. I trust that these people will fight against your killing game!”

The bear turned to him in surprise, then burst out laughing.

“You really don’t know what you got comin’, do you? AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!”

“W-what?”

“What will happen when your ‘friends’ turn out to be the Ultimate Backstabber, the Ultimate Thief, the Ultimate Chaos? Where will your pathetic faith be then? I look forward to this… hee-heheheheheh.”

And in a flash, he was gone. The students looked around, watching for any sign of betrayal or wickedness. The Pharmacologist, however, just sighed and turned to leave. With all eyes on him, he stopped in the doorway to look back at the others.

“I’m heading back to my room. I’m exhausted. Knock on my door if you need any medicines or support. I suggest you all do the same.”

He turned to leave again.

“I really do trust you. All of you.”

The rest of the group, uneasy but unable to do anything productive here, eventually resigned themselves to going back to their rooms for the night.

The new day dawns, go talk to your new classmates! You have a duty to find the traitor, you know…
